Wiki Reorg: Unify Statemin* pages (#4940)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-assets.md

---
id: learn-assets

> title: Polkadot Asset Hub

Reviewer: Can just be Asset Hub. Depending on whether it is on Polkadot Wiki or Kusama Guide, the readers can deduce that we are discussing about Asset Hub on the respective chains.

```suggestion
title: Asset Hub
```

Anyone on the network can create assets on

> {{ polkadot: Statemint, :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Statemine, :kusama }} as long as they can reserve the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Asset Hub as long as they can reserve the
```
